Add send_age_if_zero field and deprecate no_age (#11431)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/guides/version_6_upgrade.html.markdown

### Resource: `google_identity_platform_project_default_config` is now removed

`google_identity_platform_project_default_config` is removed in favor of `google_identity_platform_project_config`

## Resource: `google_storage_bucket`

> ### `lifecycle_rule.condition.no_age` is now removed

Reviewer: we should also clarify that send_age_if_zero's default is changing (unless that's covered in another PR.)

> Previously `lifecycle_rule.condition.age` attirbute was being set zero value by default and `lifecycle_rule.condition.no_age` was introduced to prevent that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously `lifecycle_rule.condition.age` attribute was being set to zero by default and `lifecycle_rule.condition.no_age` was introduced to prevent that.
```
